README.md, before:

# Benny Bot

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57199957/185969892-cd62402c-b323-4b63-bc54-aa0dbdccc7ff.png)

The bot that does basically you could ever need (WIP).

This is my attempt at that with all the features I feel a bot should and can have.

Consider this a side project if you will that I make to fulfill what I want.

Please note if somehow your seeing this, the bot is still in a "pre beta" stage, and is nowhere close to where it should be.

If you do think that this is an interesting project, come back to it later, and hopefully I've released v1 of the bot.

## More Features
Please join our discord server [here](https://discord.gg/V55WS7Vsfx) to suggest any changes you would like to add.

## License Info

Under the Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0);

You are free to copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format so long as the following conditions are met.

### Attribution
You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

### NonCommercial
You may not use the material for commercial purposes.

### NoDerivatives
If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you may not distribute the modified material.

Commit message:

Update information about tos and privacy

README.md, after:

# Benny Bot
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57199957/185969892-cd62402c-b323-4b63-bc54-aa0dbdccc7ff.png)

The bot that does basically you could ever need (WIP).

This is my attempt at that with all the features I feel a bot should and can have.

Consider this a side project if you will that I make to fulfill what I want.

Please note if somehow your seeing this, the bot is still in a "pre beta" stage, and is nowhere close to where it should be.

If you do think that this is an interesting project, come back to it later, and hopefully I've released v1 of the bot.

## More Features
Please join our discord server [here](https://discord.gg/V55WS7Vsfx) to suggest any changes you would like to add.

## Terms of Service? Privacy Policy?
You can view all of this at our website [here](https://bennybot.me/).

## License Info
Under the Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0);

You are free to copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format so long as the following conditions are met.

### Attribution
You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

### NonCommercial
You may not use the material for commercial purposes.

### NoDerivatives
If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you may not distribute the modified material.
